# Git Practice Assignment

### Article: [These Doctors Are Using AI to Screen for Breast Cancer](https://www.wired.com/story/doctors-using-ai-screen-breast-cancer/#intcid=_mab-simulations-oo-bottom-recirc-2_755bc234-7b6a-4685-b0fd-86a09f694948_text2vec1)

Almost everyday there is a new research paper showing the promises of using Artificial Intelligence especially Medicine. Since the pandemic began, almost *20,000* women have skipped routine screening for breast cancer. This is a problem because the statistics show that *5 in every 1,000 women* show signs of breast cancer. Several researchers at MIT are using machine learning algorithms, mainly neural networks, to analyze prior mammograms and train models to predict whether future patients have breast cancer. They are also trying to incorporate other important information into the models to determine the need for a follow-up screening. These algorithms are being tested in different medical universities and laboratories. It's more important than ever that we use the power of Artificial Intelligence to help people determine whether they have cancer and treat it properly and immediately. 

Comment from Kirill Dolgin:
 
I also find it interesting especially given that the medical data is relatively *clean*. Meaning that once a patient has a late stage of cancer, doctors can almost always detect it. In case if patient had previous screenings on which people have failed to detect cancer, it could be a good training data of the ML engine. This way, an old scan which was dismissed by human doctors as a *clean* one but ended up growing into an actual cancer could make it possible for ML algorithm to learn how to detect cancer on earlier stages. The only downside is that the data base has to be massive, in order to achieve accuracy standard desired by the Health industry.